Glenn: Well, I have some good
news, and I have some bad news.
Bad news is, the cancer
has spread to the brain.
The good news is, it's carnivale!
[ Laughs ]
Sync & corrections by honeybunny
www.addic7ed.com
Lola: It just feels so right
to be back together again.
Why did we ever break
up in the first place?
Owen: I don't know.
Oh -- I cheated on you
a number of times.
Lola: Right.
Well, mister, if you cheat on me
one more time, I will not repeat
this cycle of abuse
and trust yet again.
Dr. Spratt: She has daddy issues.
Lola: Maxine.
Dr. Spratt: Luckily, our
father died before he could
destroy my confidence
and perfect looks.
Lola: What are you doing here, Maxine?
Why are you dressed like a doctor?
Dr. Spratt: Because I
suddenly am one, proving once
again that I can do anything
you can do -- only prettier.
Hi. I'm Dr. Maxine Spratt,
Lola's much younger sister.
You're supposed to show
me the ropes today?
Owen: That's a coincidence
because I showed old Lola the
ropes here about 10 years ago.
Dr. Spratt: I'll be better at it --
smarter, prettier, more confident.
You know the drill by now.
[ Giggles ]
So, where are these ropes?
Owen: They're by the tomahtoes.
Glenn: I feel weird about doing
this in front of the patient.
I mean, the poor girl was
abandoned here this morning.
We don't even have a name.
Valerie: Don't worry.
She's in a coma.
Glenn: Yeah. Well, what about Blake?
Valerie: Blake, Glenn
and I are going out.
Do you know what that means?
Blake: Well, yeah, sort of.
I mean, kids today say they're
going out, but what does that
even mean, you know?
It's like, "Where are
you going?" "Out."
"What are you doing?"
"Nothing."
Stop me when I start to
sound like my Uncle Leo.
Valerie: No, I mean, do you know
what that means for you and me?
We're breaking up.
Blake: Oh.
Well, that is unexpected --
mostly because we weren't dating.
Wait -- were we dating?
Valerie: Goodbye, Blake.
Blake: Oh, man.
Glenn: Uh, sidebar, if I may?
Blake: Permission granted.
Glenn: She's gone.
Dori: Sy, what's all this?
Sy: In a nutshell -- years
ago, my ex-wife and I were a
covert team of assassins for
a secret government agency.
Dori: Got it.
Sy: I hated the life and got out.
My wife went rogue.
Dori: That's not good.
Sy: She pledged she'd kill me
by my 60th birthday, which is
today, so I'm installing this
hospital-wide security system.
Dori: Oy, Sy.
Happy birthday.
I have to needlepoint you something.
Sy: I'm a 42 short.
Beth: So, every 10 minutes, the
alarm goes off, and then you
have 10 seconds to press this
button, or the patient will die.
Lola: Well, what does the button do?
Beth: I don't know.
You're the doctor.
Lola: Yes, I am a doctor.
And this job seems more suited to a
monkey or a common nurse in a zoo.
[ Rapid beeping ]
Ohh! Fine!
[ Beeping stops ]
[ Sighs ]
I'm sorry I called you a monkey.
Beth: Look, we go through a lot
of intense stuff here every
day, so let's just chalk
it up to that and move on.
Lola: Okay. Cool.
Beth: Remember, every 10
minutes.
Lola: Oh. 10 minutes.
And done.
Valerie: We have to find
our missing coma girl.
I mean -- wait. Blake's watching.
Put your hand down my
pants or something.
Glenn: What?! No!
What is your deal with Blake, anyway?
I mean, how could you guys date
without him even knowing it?
Valerie: We never dated.
I just told him we did so I could
have the fun of breaking up with him.
He's looking again.
Just...give me a hickey.
Glenn: Oh, fine.
Valerie: This used to be us.
Blake: When?
Owen: Well, unless I miss my
guess, this is Lyme disease.
Dr. Spratt: I agree -- she's
not good enough for you.
Owen: Huh?
Dr. Spratt: What? Oh. Sorry.
When you said "disease" I
thought you said "Lola" and I
just discovered a cure.
Me.
[ Pager beeping ]
Lola: Damn!
[ Sighs ]
Whoo!
Ugh!
[ Panting ]
[ Rapid beeping ]
[ Beeping stops ]
[ Sighs ]
Too close, Lola.
Too close.
Sy: All right, Dori.
I'm finished.
Now, where are we with the extra
security guards I ordered?
Dori: There's one in front of each --
Sy: Double them.
Dori: Let me finish!!
Sy: Sorry.
Dori: Thank you.
Before you interrupted me, I was
going to say, there's one in
front of each door.
Sy: Thank you.
Double them.
[ Electricity crackles ]
Dori: Hey, Sy... these
wires have been cut.
Sy: She's already here.
[ Power shuts off ]
Wow!
Chet: You called for me, pretty doctor?
Lola: Yes, Chet.
I need you to press this
button every 10 minutes.
I'll pay you.
Chet: Oh. With kissies?
Lola: With money.
Chet: W-will you at least
give the money kissies?
Lola: Yeah. Yeah. Whatever. Whatever.
Chet: Whatever.
She'll do whatever.
Blake: I feel like if you guys
hadn't been making out, the
patient wouldn't have slipped away.
Valerie: We weren't making out.
Blake: Val, I'm starting to think
that you're messing with my head.
Ohh!
Valerie: [ Sighs ]
Well, Blake's been punched.
Glenn: Uh, good.
So, what do you say you and I --
Valerie: Yes.
Set him up in the room, put fake
blood in his mouth and on the
bed, and convince him
that he ate the patient.
Glenn: Or I was gonna say hang
out, but, you know, okay.
Yeah.
Hey.
Blake: What the hell?!
Ohh!
[ Groans ]
Valerie: Well, Blake's
been punched again.
Thoughts?
Owen: I feel kind of weird about this.
Dr. Spratt: Yeah, it's really weird to
just stare at each other for so long.
I'm just really good at it.
Owen: No, I feel kind of
weird because of Lola.
Dr. Spratt: You're
obsessed with my sister!
Okay. [ Chuckles ]
Look, I'm gonna level with you, Owen.
When Lola was born, God said, "Unh-unh.
Do-over.
I said in my image."
And then he got straight to work
on this business right here.
Now kiss me!
Sal: Attention, staff.
Will Chet the paramedic please
stop whatever he's doing and
report to the E.R.?
Lola: Damn it! The button!
[ Scoffs ]
Ugh!
Oh... aahh!
Okay, what?!
Oh, God.
Oh, come on!
This is a children's hospital!
Move it!
[ Rapid beeping ]
[ Beeping stops ]
[ Sighing ] Ohhh! This is
really pushing my buttons.
[ Laughs ]
But it is.
Glenn: Valerie, Blake is never gonna
believe that he ate this girl.
Valerie: I know.
We'll hide her under the bed and
we'll coat the inside of his
mouth with food.
That way, he has a taste in his mouth.
Do you have food on you?
I have breath mints and half a hot dog.
Which one do you think
tastes more like people?
Glenn: Hot dog, but there's
a larger issue here.
You're clearly obsessed with Blake.
I mean, sure, you make fun of him, but
you're logging a lot of hours doing it.
And now she's gone again.
Sal: The hospital is
currently on lockdown.
If you are seen leaving the room
you are in, you will be fired.
Lola: [ Groans ]
[ Sighs ]
I wonder if that's a size 4. Hmm.
Awesome.
[ Grunting ]
Owen: No!
No, Maxine, I can't do this.
Lola's my girlfriend.
Plus, it's worth mentioning that
your mouth tastes like people.
What kind of mints do you use?
Dr. Spratt: Hot-dog mints. Why?
Lola: Oh, Owen.
Dr. Spratt: You're
choosing that over me?
Owen: Yes, Maxine.
Lola is the one for me.
Sure, you're prettier and you're
smarter, and you're probably a
better doctor, and you're younger
and you're interesting...
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Sy: Can I help you, little girl?
Ohhh.
So, when your mother said she
"lost the baby," she really
meant she gave it to the agency
to program in order to activate
to kill me on my 60th birthday.
You look a lot like her.
This is no life for a little girl.
You should be in a playground, being
pushed on a swing by your daddy.
And here's the worst part --
you're never gonna have a chance
to tell your mom that I said hello.
Owen: ...And you're fun and I'm
happier when I'm around you
than I am when I'm with Linda.
Lola: "Lola."
[ Alarm beeping ]
Oh! Ugh! Damn!
I really wanted to see where
this was going. Got to go.
Owen: And you're funny, we like
to watch the same TV shows,
and you don't wear those
stupid glasses that she wears.
[ Both grunting ]
[ Rapid beeping ]
[ Beeping stops ]
Lola: What?
I don't get it.
There are no wires?
What?
This button wasn't even
connected to anything.
Or perhaps it was
connected to everything.
Lola: What?
How did -- well, how are you...?
Everything is connected, Lola.
There can be no loose ends.
Maybe everything starts out
connected, and life is about
trying to remember that.
Valerie: I've realized it now.
I'm in love with you.
But the only way I can express
myself is by doing really weird
things to your mind.
Blake: I know that now.
And I wouldn't have it any other way.
Ugh!
Maybe we all started out connected.
[ Both grunting ]
And we're just trying
to get back there.
N-no, no, no.
Let's not ruin this.
Lola: I'm so sorry.
It's fine.
Dori: Aaaaaah!
Sy: Dori. Dori!
It's okay.
It's all right. This is my daughter.
I did this.
Dori: Let me guess -- your wife
sent her to kill you in her place?
Sy: Well, that's exactly right.
Dori: Oh, that reminds me -- I just
needlepointed you a new tweed jacket.
Sy: Thank you.
Sync & corrections by honeybunny
www.addic7ed.com
Sal: Attention, staff.
Remember, this is all taking place
in a Puerto Rican midget's fart.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org